Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snig.
Attention, Nick Campers! Saluto Shorts is moving to Wheatays at 5-4 Central.
And that means summer kill, Monday through Friday.
Now you'll get Budnick, Ugg, Sponge, Michaels, Easy, Telly, Dina, Donkey Lips, and Pinsky every weekday at 5-4 Central.
It's Saluto Shorts at an all-new time, today at 5-4 Central, right here on The Only Network for You.
Be a sport in the whole wide world.
He's hungry.
Oh, honey, be careful while you eat your cereal.
He's tan.
What's a faceless?
Would you please stop hitting the back of my chair?
Perhaps you were just having a nightmare about your early days in the circus.
And he's making things hot for his uncle.
Martin Short, Charles Groten, and Mary Steenberger.
Can you just act like a human boy for one minute?
In Clifford, rated PG, starts Friday, April 1st.
New rapid shot, only from Matchbox.
The word's fastest rapid fire launcher.
Slam 3, 4, 5 cars ripping down the track.
Launch 5 cars in 3 seconds, speeding toward the finish line.
And now, with the rapid shot crossover crash, get twice the action.
Rapid shot, rapid shot, slam 7 crossover crash.
Additional cars sold separately.
Rapid shot, only from Matchbox.
Okay, class pop quiz.
Question number one.
You want to buy a video game system?
Super NES gives you four free games.
Sega gives you no free games.
Which do you choose?
Uh...
Number two.
Farmer Brown is four.
Chickens the Tray for a video game system.
Super NES gives him four free games.
Sega, no free games.
Which should Farmer Brown choose?
Number three.
Buy any Super NES system and for 350 postage,
we'll send you Super Mario All-Stars.
That's four games free.
Now, who would miss an offer like that?
Could you repeat the question?
Now, fruity pebbles has a flavor that's new.
I got to get new berry blues.
The blues, dude.
Without something berry blue, I can't sing the blues.
Here.
I got new berry blues.
Fruity of flavors, too.
My turn.
Barney.
You blew it.
Post-fruity pebble stereo.
Part of this complete breakfast.
Yee-hoo.
Free blue dinosaur loo.
And it's on Plastegosaurus.
Free with mail and con on mark boxes of pebbles.
Make-up beauty, I'm gonna make you beautiful.
Cool.
Make-up beauty, beautiful.
Make-up beauty comes with her own skirt,
makeup crayons and comb, each sold separately.
Snick.
If Saturday night Nickelodeon is Snick,
then would Friday night Nickelodeon be...
Snick?
Definitely.
Snick.
Gross.
You spit on me.
Just another 13,000 of these,
and I can trade them in for something I actually want.
As the illustrious wordsmith Samuel Johnson once said,
Or was it the guy in the white suit on Fantasy Island?
Life is a progress from want to want.
Personally, I think this whole idea of wanting stuff
can be categorized into your four basic want groups.
Okay.
Number one, wanting something you know you'll never get.
And the brand new car goes to lucky winning ticket number 528-1990.
Basic want number two.
Wanting something you only think you want until you get it.
Like the time I just had to have one of those twisty curls.
Insert hair section A through loop B,
full and presto.
Next, basic want number three.
Wanting something you never, ever, ever thought you'd want.
Voila!
A speciality de la Merçonne, escargot, et d'Aline.
Escargot?
Yeah.
Like the time Dad took a French cooking class
and made us all eat his final exam.
Mmm!
Finally, we come to that rarest basic want group of all.
Wanting something you've always wanted
and actually getting it.
Well, today I'm getting a taste of basic want group number four
and I didn't even have to save zero box tops for it
because I've just landed my dream job.
Clarissa Darling, editor in chief.
Watch out everybody, the school newspaper is in my hands.
Now here is something we can use.
An espresso maker for the car?
Yeah, plugs right into the cigarette lighter.
That way you never have to worry about falling asleep at the wheel again.
I don't think so, Marshall.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, look at this, look at this.
An inflatable waterproof chest set.
It's for the pool.
Yeah.
We don't have a pool?
I could use it in the bathtub.
You always take showers.
Oh, right, right.
Oh, Clarissa, congratulations.
Yeah, sport, this is really exciting.
Thanks, I know, but how do you know?
I was just going to tell you.
No, news travels fast.
Your journalism advisor called.
Mr. MacGuffey?
He said that you're the youngest editor of the school paper ever.
He's quite an honor.
You know, when I was in high school, I edited a paper myself.
I don't remember that.
Oh, yeah.
Kind of an underground thing called Dig This.
My buddy Eric and I, we thought it uproaded, edited ourselves.
Just never got around to typing it.
Very underground.
The Thomas Tupper Times is definitely above ground.
I want to make the next issue the best ever.
You know, I'd be happy to help you with the design elements.
I see a whole new look for you, sport.
More color, a slicker logo.
I think I'll go work up a few ideas.
Dad, you really don't have to do that.
No, no, don't be silly.
I'd love to be of help.
Just think, you know, watching you following in the footsteps
of Johann Gutenberg and Ben Franklin and Rupert Murdoch.
He can get carried away.
Let me know if I can do anything.
Thanks, Mom.
Hiya, Chief.
Chief?
I need to talk about my next assignment, Chief.
I'm going to need a lot more space for this one.
Oh, let's say about 10,000 words.
And, uh, I think at this point a portrait above my byline
would be appropriate.
You mean a warning label.
I'm going to help you put this paper on the map.
Look, Ferguson, I know you've been reviewing movies for the paper.
Uh, I prefer to think of them as films.
And I don't review by critique.
Okay, okay.
I hate to admit it, but your writing is pretty good.
Pretty good?
It's pre-pulitzer.
Yeah, very pre-pulitzer.
Well, lucky for you all not hiring on the basis of personality.
Just don't bug me.
Speaking of bugs, I plan to give complete coverage
of an important cultural event.
Giant insects and mutant chillers,
a retrospective of the films of Turner B. Gerhardt.
Who?
Only the king of catastrophe, Carnage and Cleavage.
Plus, I'll get press passes to all my favorite flicks.
I guess bad movies do have their appeal.
Okay, it sounds amusing,
but you're not getting any more space than usual.
Washington Post, the New York Times, the Hack and Sack Herald.
You know, it'd be great.
Ink that doesn't come off on your hands.
I mean, great paper should leave their mark.
This is ridiculous.
In the meantime, I guess these'll do.
Well, so much for research.
Now I just have to get through this slush pile.
All these submissions, suddenly everyone I know is a writer.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Working on the paper?
I've been looking for ideas.
So what'd you think of mine?
You submitted an idea.
Yeah, you're gonna love it.
Tell it to me, Sam.
Music reviews.
What's so new about music reviews?
Alternative music music reviews.
Alternative music is a way to make the paper cutting edge.
I like it.
Thanks, Sam.
I'll put it on my list.
Wait, that's not the whole idea.
Well, what's the rest?
Me.
You?
I'll write the reviews.
You will?
I love those groups.
I feel that sound.
I know you have a great ear, Sam,
but I didn't know you really wanted to write.
I don't, but I could.
With you as my editor, it'll be fun.
Sam, it might not be fun.
It might be hard work.
Clarissa, my dad's a sports writer, remember?
Journalism is in my blood.
Well, you know, I'm gonna have to be totally objective
on everyone's work.
Absolutely.
And you can't get extensions on deadlines
like in Mrs. Stilwappel's class.
Of course not.
A true journalist thrives on deadlines.
Well, then...
Okay, we'll give it a shot.
Excellent.
Oh, and would you mind putting my byline
in four-inch caps?
Sam.
Just kidding.
It's starting to seem like being a responsible journalist
means being responsible for finding work
for everyone I know.
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Dad.
Do you have a rough day at the office for it?
If you mean rough as in grueling,
annoying, absolutely exhausting.
Yes.
Well, you're the boss.
Yeah, well, being the boss isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Well, Clarissa, you're just gonna have to get tough.
That's all.
I mean, people respect a boss who's decisive,
who's demanding, you know,
who's willing to lay down the law.
But know that I do.
But you don't have a boss.
Of course I do.
Me.
You know, if I'm not hard on myself, who will be?
Oh, Marshall, you told me to tell you
to get back to work at Quarter Pass.
So get back to work.
Oh.
All right, thanks.
The boss has to be tough and demanding.
Well, as long as she's also open-minded
and willing to listen.
That sounds good.
It's just weird to have to say no to people I know.
Of course saying no to some people is easy.
Clarissa?
No.
I haven't even asked yet.
You've been asking all day, all night,
all over the place, and the answer is still no.
No to your own private editorial page.
No to your own private office.
No to a self-interview with hot young film critic
Ferguson W. Darling.
Pressure getting to you, sis?
No, just you.
Actually, I had in mind an interview
with one of these cinema's greatest greats.
I happened to have an in with a film legend.
Really? Scorsese, Spielberg, Fowini?
Even better.
I managed to get access to Turner B. Gerhard
and let me tell you, the man has a lot to say
about mutant cheerleaders and giant insects.
Since when did the cast splatter become a film legend?
Since I, Ferguson W. Darling,
film a fissionado extraordinaire,
decided to make him one.
I promise you, chief, my piece will be groundbreaking.
Yeah, well, I'm gonna break something else
if you don't stop calling me chief.
I'll get it.
Uh, pizza for Clarissa, darling?
Sorry, I didn't order a pizza.
Congratulations to our neighborhood school's
newest editor-in-chief.
If you haven't tried Pat's pizza, you're in for a feast.
So go ahead and give this free pizza a chew.
There's more from where that came from
once you give us a review.
Give me a break.
Tell Pat I don't accept free food,
but he's welcome to buy an ad.
Wait, thanks anyway.
I know temptation is the root of bad bosses,
but do they have to throw pizza with extra cheese
and pepperoni into the equation?
Those tough decisions keep getting tougher.
Okay, I've read through Sam's review once, twice,
three times you were out, and it's really, well, not good.
It's not just the bad grammar,
the incorrect punctuation, the awkward syntax.
I mean, I guess I could correct all that,
but it's riddled with cliches as the cliche goes.
Now, here's a music review by one Leonard K. Adnoit.
It's clear, it's sharp,
and Lenny's the biggest, not to mention, most boring jerk around.
I guess some people talk better than they write
and some people write better than they talk.
So I've gotta figure out a way to talk to Sam.
I mean, what am I supposed to do?
Why are my best friends?
Sam, hi.
Hi, Clarissa.
So?
So, buttons.
So what'd you think?
Think?
Of my review.
I really tried to capture the sound of the smashing pumpkins.
Oh, yeah, I can tell.
I want the reader to hear the music through my words.
X-R-N-M-M-N-A-H.
Is that a rumor?
Cool, huh?
I think that word really gives you a feel
for the lyrics and the guitarist.
Must've been rough on your computer spell check.
So what'd you think about the lead?
Uh, the sound of silence cannot compare
to the sound of the smashing pumpkins,
which is anything but silent.
In fact, it's not silent at all.
It's loud, and I turned it way up
to bring this review to you fellow listeners,
or in this case, readers.
Does it grab you?
Definitely grabs something.
Thanks, Clarissa.
I knew I wouldn't let you down.
I gotta go tell my daddy
he's not the only newsman in the family.
I'm really glad you like it.
Hold it. Did I say like?
I don't think I said like.
You mean you don't like it?
Well...
Well, what?
It's... Well, it's...
You think it stinks.
I wouldn't say stinks, exactly.
Well, you might as well have.
Well, we'll have to work on it, Sam.
Thanks a lot.
I poured my heart and soul into that review.
Maybe it's not perfect.
Maybe I made up a few words.
Misspelled a few.
Who said I was a great speller?
Incomplete sentences, poor syntax.
Okay, okay. Let's just forget it.
Well, Sam, I thought we could work on it.
Great.
The quickest way to lose your friends
is to become their editor.
And it started off so well.
A cub reporter soon catapulted her
to the role of Empress of Newsprint.
Defeat.
Unable to meet the constant demands
that she employed,
Darling soon lost her grasp
on all for which she had once cared.
Never photographed.
The once great editor paid a price.
Cost?
No man can say.
Oh, stop the presses.
I'd better revise the situation fast
before it all goes up in smoke.
More Clarissa.
More Snake. After this.
There are only two things to do on Saturday nights.
You can chew your own lint.
Snick.
So don't miss next week's Snick Pick.
The premiere of all that,
Nickelodeon's wild new comedy show
with special guest TLC next Saturday.
Snick.
Extra, extra.
The one and only Muppet Show
is coming to the only network for you.
Critics are raving about Kermit.
He's never been better.
Celebrities are wiggy about Miss Piggy.
Pixies, please. I love Pixies.
Sweetie shots everywhere are speechless.
It's very, very big.
It's the one and only Muppet Show
that's only on Nickelodeon.
I can sum it up in one word.
Get indescribable.
Don't miss the Muppet Show
starting next week at 7.30, 6.80 Central.
Only on Nick.
Watch me trick-free to those Cocoa Pibbles.
Yes.
Soco Cocoa, my favorite sumo wrestler.
I must have something super chocolaty
before entering the ring.
Here, Mr. Soco, my Cocoa Pibbles.
Ooh, humongous chocolaty taste.
Come on, pal.
Uh-oh.
Ooh, Barney, you're not Soco.
But I got you a cocoa.
Post-Cocoa Pibble cereal.
Part of this complete breakfast.
The creators of Squiggle Wiggle Writer and Squiggle Ball.
Watching Clarissa Explains It All.
I've been up since five this morning
trying to fit in all the news that's unfit to print.
I really want to be fair.
I really want to make this issue great
and I wouldn't mind making everyone happy,
but I guess something's got to give.
First, there's Dad.
It's nice that he wants to help,
but he keeps giving me ideas I can't use.
I just don't think the Thomas Tupper Times
is ready for a 3D glow-in-the-dark scratch-and-sniff logo.
On the other hand,
is anyone ready for Ferguson the filmmaker?
He's turned the bathroom into his private special effects studio.
I guess even George Lucas had to start somewhere.
And I've spent hours trying to turn Sam's review
into something the paper can print.
But after I got through editing it,
there was only one word left.
And I finally decided on my subject for my editorial.
Teen Runaways.
Now, if only I could find some time to write it.
Too bad I can't give myself an extension on that deadline.
Um, I noticed that in all of your films,
Angora's Swerters and Kulot's figured very prominently.
That's very astute.
Ah, thank you.
Um, well, could you elaborate on the Kulot motif?
I prefer to leave the deeper meaning ambiguous.
Ah, wise.
A whole new batch of catalogs.
Hey, look at this.
A self-inverting aerobics machine.
Experience the healthy benefits of hanging it upside down.
How could we get off these manless...
Think of those poor trees.
Ah, well, then you will love this home paper recycling milk.
Oh, that's brilliant.
Who are you?
Dad, this is Turner B. Gerhard.
I'm sure you've heard of him.
No.
Well, no doubt you're familiar with my ove.
What ove is that?
His films are classics, Dad.
I'm writing the definitive interview.
Bloody brilliant boy, Ferguson.
To think he comes from such hearty, simple studs.
Well, it was nice to meet you, Mr. Gerhard.
Well, let's see if we can find a place for that recycler out back.
Your parents are so... to real.
Hmm, thank you.
Aren't they, though?
We're very big on reality here.
Hello, Chief.
My subject and I were just doing a little bit of fine-tuning on the in-depth profile.
It's brilliant. Bloody brilliant.
Your brother is just...
Well, he's bloody brilliant, that's all.
Ferguson showed you the piece?
Finally, a film scholar who grasped the importance of my breakthrough film with Chef Wally.
Well, TBG, let's get back to work.
Yes, we just need to, uh, punch up these quotes on pur.
Ferguson, can I talk to you in moment?
Absolument, chief.
You see, TBG, I know un pur des Français.
Bloody trivia.
Ferguson, what is he doing here?
He just wanted to look over the interview before it went to press.
He's completely unethical.
You don't show your subject an article before it's published, especially a review.
But he's made some really good revisions.
Besides, he's not just my subject, he's...
What, Ferguson?
Well, you know, I'm writing a little PR for him while he's in town.
What? Do the words journalistic integrity mean anything to you?
I'm just doing it as a favor.
Gerhard's agreed to introduce me to Hollywood.
He thinks my reel is brilliant. Bloody brilliant.
What's the only thing that'll be bloody if you don't get rid of him?
Sis.
Now.
Whatever you say, chief.
I was just having an petite conference with my editor.
Fergie, she's... she's quite lovely, your sister.
My mind is racing.
Beautiful young editor.
Battles giant alien insect while wearing angora collars.
What do you think?
Brain dead. Bloody brain dead.
Does anybody live here but me?
Our pizza is good.
And you really should. Try it.
In fact, it's great.
So go ahead and write about what you ate.
Not again.
Look, I already told Pats I can't accept freebies.
Pats, I'm from Peppies.
Well, tell Peppie he's welcome to put the poem in an ad.
Wait. Thanks, that should do it.
Hey, it's Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Can send back all those free designer dresses?
I guess I can live with giving up a few free pizzas.
A thousand thanks, maestro.
It's bloody fantastic working with a true cinematic genius.
Ferg, my son, it's a bloody brilliant screenplay.
And with that brilliant special effects reel of yours,
I can see no reason why you can't co-direct it under my wing.
What screenplay, Ferguson?
The cockroach that ate New York for breakfast?
Just a little something I've been working up on this side.
I already see the sequel.
The water bug that ate L.A. for lunch.
Don't they do lunch in L.A.?
Oh, yes.
That's very funny, Ferguson.
Bloody funny.
So long, my brilliant aficionado.
You will be at my Meet the Fans video signing, won't you?
How could your biggest fan miss it?
Biggest fool is more like it.
Don't be jealous, sis.
I'll give you a cameo.
You could be the giant cockroach's first victim.
Ferguson, I can't publish your article.
You have to write a genuine interview, not a puff piece.
Then I'll save it for my book.
Turner B. Gerhard, The Authorized Bio.
You can't just cop out on me. I've allotted space for it.
Sorry, sis. Hollywood calls.
I think I'll have a spot of tea while working on my shooting draft.
Oh, by the way, good luck with your little journalism project.
I'd love to flatten Ferguson to the ground.
I know you can't run away from your problems,
but why can't you run over them with a 10-ton truck?
So I guess it's time for the Thomas Tupper Times to be put to bed,
and I don't mean under the covers.
I mean, the paper is ready to go to press.
Almost.
First, I thought I'd take a shot at reworking Sam's review.
The bad news? It's not a pretty picture.
But there's good news.
It turns out the back of Sam's review?
It's worth a thousand words.
It'll be the first cartoon you've ever run.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Thanks for coming over.
No problem. I'm glad you called.
Listen, about the review, I'm sorry I overreacted.
I understand, Sam. You were tired in that review,
and I should have been more clear.
Oh, I got the message.
I mean more specific.
I was really planning to help you rewrite it.
That's okay. You don't need to.
I've got something all finished, ready to print.
You wrote another review?
No, it's the one I took back.
Hey, this is Leonard's review. I was wondering where that went.
I took it by mistake.
Wow, he's a good writer.
Who'd have thought a nerdy little guy like Leonard?
He's been doing it a lot longer.
It shows. Look, Clarissa.
We both know the truth is I can't write.
When the writing is in bubbles above people's heads,
his panels are so funny.
My cartoons?
Overheard at a rock concert.
I just did those for fun.
Nice title, though. Who thought of that?
Look, Sam, the paper could use a good cartoonist.
You like the one with the guy buying the t-shirts?
Yeah, I think it's great.
Really? You're not just saying that?
No way. I'm speaking not only as a friend, but as an editor.
This is so cool.
Then what do you want?
I'm here to submit my Gerhardt profile.
Sorry, there's no room left in the paper for an in-depth profile.
Oh, that's okay.
That hack-o-matic doesn't really deserve a profile.
Just a simple review that rips the lid off
of his non-existent production values
and total lack of technique.
Why did the sudden change part, Ferguson?
Do you realize that schlockmeister
had the nerve
to use my reel to illustrate
amateurish effects
versus so-called spectacular effects?
Whatever happened, Ferguson,
you can't let a personal vendetta
bias your article.
I won't. I promise.
I just think I have a better handle on his...
oof.
You do?
Yeah. I've seen the future of Gerhardt movies
and its name is straight to video.
Sounds like a lead to me.
Ferguson, pizza's here.
We'll be right down.
Who is it this time? Hats, pepies, pockos?
Actually, it's all of them. Want to help me eat it?
No way. You buckled?
Yeah, what happened to journalistic integrity?
Well, all that pizza got me thinking.
Like competing pizza places around?
Wouldn't it be a service to our readers
to do a brand-blind taste test
and write them in the paper? Wow, that sounds fair.
All's fair on loving pizza.
I think Shakespeare said that. Oh, it was a pet.
A peppy. A pocko.
I just love this job.
What a great paper, Clarissa.
Yeah, looks real good.
I think the first issue went over really well.
Thanks for the new logo, Dad. Ah, sure, sport.
You know, but I still think a pop-up hologram would work.
You know, this editorial
on Runaways is really good.
I'll see if I can get the children's museum
to find a way to help. That'd be great.
It's cool to think journalism can make a difference.
Well, congratulations, sport.
It looks like you made the paper everything you wanted it to be.
Well, Dad, I've come to believe
that sometimes getting what you want
can be a lot of work.
But it's worth it.
Now stay tuned for a high-tech face-off
with a computer at the Roundhouse.
This is the boss.
I'm Brienne Rickamette.
I won the Nicktakes of your school.
Now I'm in charge.
The bus pulled up.
Mark Summers and Brienne jumped out.
The rest of the Nick gang followed their lead.
It is official.
Nickelodeon has taken over Marley Middle School.
Instead of Jim, they double-dared.
Mr. Wizard gave a science class,
Nick-style, and then
Tag Team
gave a special Nicktakes over music class.
And, of course, they slimed.
And slimed.
Because Nick is the place where only kids win.
Yeah!
Brought to you by Post-Golden Crisp
cereal, Jell-O-Bland Desserts,
and Edith Ralphs, the game from Milton Bradley.
Then you flip the hat.
You're late and you got the wrong hat.
Sit in the corner.
Then you raise the hat.
This makes you alive.
Wrong hat. Then you slam the hat.
Then you spin the hat.
Why do you land the instructions?
Wrong hat. Then you smooth the hat.
Take it easy, will you?
I think I'm having a heart attack.
You need the right hat.
Now I get some respect.
Station.
This awesome location is where we kids
find all the tasty ingredients
for Dan and Spranklin.
Creamy yogurt with rainbow sprinkles.
Add to the fruits of our labor.
Up there is the cherry picker.
Here, strawberries and immense hit.
And strawberry banana with such a peel.
But what makes Spranklin's reign supreme?
Um, blow us up.
You can make the wildest taste you ever put in your face.
Dan and Spranklin's the only yogurt snack
with a sprinkles pack.
The critics agree. Thumbelina's exciting.
Parents will be cheering.
Girls will be in heaven.
Boys will be rewarded with exciting bearing due.
It's cast a lovely spell.
Christian Anderson's Thumbelina rated G.
Now playing at a theater near you.
Introducing Pizza Ranch Salad Dressing.
Then you describe its taste.
Pizza Ranch, Taco Ranch, Nacho Cheese Ranch,
and Super Creamy Ranch,
new from Hidden Valley.
Okay, class, pop quiz.
Question number one, you want to buy a video game system?
Super NES gives you four free games.
Sega gives you no free games. Which do you choose?
Number two, Farmer Brown is four.
Check this to trade for a video game system.
Super NES gives him four free games. Sega, no free games.
Which should Farmer Brown choose?
Number three, buy any Super NES system
and for 350 postage, we'll send you Super Mario All Stars.
That's four games free.
Now who would miss an offer like that?
Could you repeat the question?
What makes someone your best friend?
I think it's that
you laugh at the same thing.
You stand by each other no matter what.
And sometimes, when you're together,
you look at each other and you just know.
Everything is perfect.
Some people think you can't be best friends
with your little brother.
But with us it's easy.
I guess we just have the same Pete way of looking at things.
Ours was the kind of best friendship
that seemed like it was built to last forever.
How was I to know that a
10 pound bowling ball
was about to roll into our lives
and destroy everything we stood for?
Some say it was just a ball.
But to my dad,
it was a dual rotating pressure
torqued hunk of engineering perfection.
When it hit the slats,
the sound of thunder shook the lanes.
And so it got the name
Rolling Thunder.
I think my dad was more
proud of his bowling ball than he was of me and Pete.
But then one day,
my dad's fingers got too big
to fit inside its sacred holes.
He worked out like crazy
to try and get them back into shape.
But it was no use.
I guess he could have drilled the holes wider,
but that would have ruined its delicate calibration.
Finally,
he realized what he had to do.
The time had come to pass the ball down
to the next generation.
And that's how it all started.
What if you could be rich forever?
But you had to go to the bathroom
through your nose.
Once a day?
Yeah.
I'd do it.
What if you could get your driver's license now?
But for six months,
you'd have a trout head.
I already got one.
How'd you do that?
Pete, Pete, come here.
We both wondered what dad
was doing home on his bowling night.
But then, we had an even bigger surprise.
Some say
he possessed the secrets of the universe.
All we knew for sure was
he used to fix dishwashers
for a living.
He was our dad's dad.
Our grandfather.
Oh, boys, I missed you.
Because he lived so far away,
he only came by once a year,
so he knew something big was up.
Your father has something to tell you.
That is, after he takes
the gum out of his mouth.
I'm not chewing gum.
Dad was never that happy
to see grandpa.
I guess because he always got treated like a kid.
I gotta admit,
it was pretty awful to watch.
Okay, spunky.
Boys, as you know,
your mother is the love of my life.
But what you might not know is
I also love another.
Her name is
Rolling Thunder.
How touching.
Some people say
she's just a ball,
but she's more. She's a friend,
a teacher. She can pull you out
of the eighth frame doldrums
and smash through pins like lightning.
As you know, I've outgrown her.
Cut to the chase, squirmy.
It's a wriggly tradition
to pass her down from father to son.
That's why your grandfather's here
to assist in a ceremony.
It's time to give her
to one of you.
As she was given to me, the question is
which one of you shall be called
the chosen one?
That's okay. Pete can have it.
Give it to charity.
Are you going to be around a wild grandpa?
Looks like I'll have to be.
Later that night,
me and Pete were having a staring contest.
Pete delivered his deadly nose
flex lip quiver combo,
outlawed in three states,
and I was history.
Yes!
That's when we heard it.
I wonder if we can have a little talk.
Do you know the story
of Rolling Thunder?
It was a gift
to my father
from a Tibetan holy man
whose dishwasher
I once fixed.
The brawler said
to have certain powers
powerful good,
believe me,
has perfect proportion
and it seems
almost weightless.
Try.
Like a father, no?
Engineering miracle.
A power that can only be harnessed
by a wiggly, you hear me?
It must
be passed on.
And it must
stay in the family.
I changed my mind.
Can I have the ball? Too late. It's mine.
I'm the oldest. I should get it.
I'm prepared to write you a check.
Uh,
no, no.
The one who gets Rolling Thunder
tells me that he has the qualities
that make a wriggly,
things like honor,
valor,
courage,
and good hygiene.
Translated from dad's speak,
that meant whoever sucked up to him
the most would get the ball.
It was humiliating, but
I'll do that.
And so the battle for the ball
had begun.
Dad had been after me
to clean the garage since I was 5.
So I figured the ball was practically mine.
But while I was sweeping it up,
Dad was
soaking it up.
Pete had made a technicolor tribute to
Dad,
a man of vision.
a man of strength.
Yes, few mortal men
have the coordination, the determination,
and the overall niceness
of Dad.
Aw, Pete.
It was going to be a long
battle.
Well, good night,
buddy.
Sleep tight, pal.
I guess Artie could feel the disturbance
in the cosmic wind,
because the next morning,
the strongest man in the world
had his porta-home parked in our lawn
and stood vigilant watch over our house.
Meanwhile,
with his father around,
he was subject to surprise inspections
and the loss of his
hard-earned adult privileges.
Tamper.
Pete and I had done more sucking up
in two days, and we had in our
entire lives.
The fact was, we were still tied.
It was time for one of us
to try something big.
That night,
I was coming home 5 minutes
after bedtime, when suddenly
I was busted.
Pete had nabbed me in a violation of
House Ordinance Number 215
so much for a friendly contest.
That's how you want to play it?
This is
The Adventures of Pete and Pete will be
right back on Snick.
This Saturday,
there's going to be a new person in charge
of Nickelodeon Studios.
And it's 5-year-old Rachel Brin.
That's me!
Rachel won Nickelodeon Studio Cheap
for a Day contest.
So now, Nick's putting her in charge.
What will she do as Studio Chief?
What shows will she put on the air?
Whose head will she slime?
Find out when Rachel Brin is Studio Cheap
for a Day. It all starts this Saturday
at 9, 8, Central on the place
Nickelodeon!
Nickelodeon Studio Cheap for a Day
is brought to you by Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
Splash happy pups and prize-winning pups
eat souls separately.
A little less fun here!
Let's buy you please!
We'll have less talking!
A little less hair!
Thank you!
Forget less.
How about lots of sweet chewy raisins
in Kellogg's Raisin Brand.
It's got a whole lot of the sweet, sweet taste you want.
And they can say very little about it.
That's two scoops of sweet chewy raisins
in here.
What do you say about that?
It's fun!
It's hot!
It's part of this complete breakfast!
Kellogg's Raisin Brand has got a whole lot
of what you want.
Now back to the adventures of Pete and Pete
as stick continues.
Honest Abe Lincoln once said
a house divided against itself
cannot stand.
I'll bet his dad was a bowler too.
It's hard to believe that our friendship
was ending over a piece of molten rock.
But the battle lines were drawn.
Pete took his half of the bunk
and moved to the basement.
We were no longer talking.
Any messages we had, we sent
through Ellen.
We even had a system so we didn't have to
see each other at meals.
Don, you have got to put
a stop to this.
It's gone too far.
Maybe she's right, Dad.
Maybe she is.
And maybe she isn't.
Even with Artie guarding the house
the whole thing felt out of control.
Careful boy, careful!
There are unfavorable
omens in the air.
You finished painting your dad's room yet?
I couldn't.
Pete wallpaper did last night
and put down carpet.
Ellen, this is insane.
We even talked in
in two weeks.
We've never gone that long without talking.
War is ugly, Pete.
But he's my best friend.
I feel funny saying this,
but maybe your best friendship
wasn't meant to last forever.
Friends do grow apart sometimes
and you are four years older.
Think about it.
Your brothers.
How many brothers do you know who are best friends?
And so the war
raged on.
My brother, one of the greatest
natural generals ever born,
began a full frontal assault.
Pete says he's responsible,
but last year he broke the whole vase.
Pete says he loves his parents,
but he didn't buy their anniversary card.
He just signed it and for the algebra final
Pete had to borrow notes.
Broke the vase, signed the card,
borrowed notes.
You need someone you can trust
with your bowling ball.
Give it to Pete. He deserves it.
Pay for by the committee to give Pete the bowling ball.
If I was going to win
I'd have to beat him at his own game.
Issue one.
Dad's bowling ball.
Who deserves the celebrated sphere?
Item.
Young Pete toppled the Asian Bond Market.
Item. Young Pete's science project
caused spontaneous baldness
across the Texas Panhandle.
Item. Young Pete accidentally
drained Lake Superior.
His response?
No comment, Grunge Bag!
No comment, Grunge Bag?
Not good enough.
Exit question. Who gets the ball?
Young Pete? Wrong.
Answer. Older Pete.
Bye-bye.
Mom had had enough.
She wasn't going to let our family
fall apart over a bowling ball.
Honey, something wrong?
See, my mom had a metal plate in her head
from an accident she had when she was a kid
and they both knew it would attract
every lightning bolt for miles.
Come inside, right now!
Not until you stop this war.
I can't.
He will read me.
If you don't stand up to your father
I'm going to blow myself
to kingdom come.
Dad had no choice.
Maybe he didn't have the guts to face his dad
but he got another idea.
Later that night
he snuck rolling thunder from the house
and ran four hours
to the Canadian Borger.
Go on, what are you waiting for?
You're free.
You took it!
Maybe it was stolen.
I thought I heard a noise last night.
Spunky.
Have you done something?
No.
I know.
I know that looks
you've done something.
Tell Papa.
What difference does it make?
It's gone!
Now we can get back to normal.
But we all knew
things would never be normal again
and that's when we heard it.
Rolling thunder!
No one knew how it got back
but one thing was certain
we had to settle this thing
once and for all.
Sometimes the only way to stop a war
is to fight the bloodiest battle ever.
A battle so gruesome
there can only be one undisputed winner.
Me and Pete were going to stare.
And one and two.
Not only were the stakes
higher than any other staring contest
but the only way
to lose was to smile
and neither of us
felt like smiling.
Must destroy.
Pete!
Artie understood the contest
could go on for weeks, even years
so he decided to come
to our rescue.
You know what I've come for,
grand puppy?
The ball!
Out with it, old man!
You'll be sorry.
Disrupt our families!
Get her lover!
Blue Legless Dog!
This!
The battle went on for hours.
The ball was the fiercest
faux Artie had ever tangled with.
And in the end
the strong man went down.
Foolish man.
Brave.
But foolish.
With Artie defeated
nothing could stop us
from the madness of the final showdown.
Two Pete's
would enter that room.
Only one
would come out.
It's not too late to stop.
Quit stalling, Chunderhead!
Make me laugh!
And so it began.
At first
we just stood there probing
each other for weaknesses.
Then suddenly
Pete attacked with a barrage
of face twitches and tongue swirls
that normally would have obliterated me.
But I was ready
and came right back
with the Wisconsin ear wiggle I picked up
last summer in Sheboygan.
I caught him off guard,
but he didn't crack a smile.
The battle was raging.
Meanwhile
my dad was fighting his own battle.
It started when Grandpa brought out
cookies and milk.
Maybe we should go up there.
No, I forbid it.
The ball must be passed on.
Nothing can stop it.
Drink that.
It's milk.
The contest slogged on
for hour after brutal hour.
The way it was going,
maybe it would last the rest of our lives.
It was insane.
It was inhuman.
Without warning, both of us
had
faced off against each other.
Dad finally got up the nerve
to face off against his dad.
Who ate all the cookies?
You know what sugar does to your teeth?
Come on out with it.
Who did it?
You want to know who ate the cookies?
You want to know? I'll tell you.
I ate the cookies. And you want to know what else?
I didn't finish my milk.
What do you think of that?
My name is not Spunky.
My name is
Dad.
This is my house and my wife
and my kids. And that ball
is out of here. This war
is over.
But it wasn't.
Me and Pete were locked in a death stare
that nothing could break.
As the intensity increased,
I started to hallucinate.
And I know he was
going through the same thing.
Pete! Pete!
Open the door!
I didn't know how much longer we could take it.
But then
something happened.
I was able to see Pete again
for what he really was.
And I realized after all those hours
I wasn't staring at my enemy.
I was staring at my best friend.
I guess Pete felt the same way.
And finally
the sheer stupidity of what we were doing
got to us.
The battle for the ball
was over.
I was
wrong.
To interfere with your family
and Spunky
and
Dad.
I'm afraid I used the power of the ball
for evil
instead of good.
Well, I don't know about that, Dad.
It did have the power
to show you that your son
had grown up.
Maybe you'd like to stay around a while
and get to know him, huh?
Soon after that
things pretty much
got back to normal.
Pete moved back in
and somehow our bed was stronger than ever.
Dad was free to avail himself
of all the privileges of adulta
including drinking non-milk beverages.
And as for rolling thunder
now that no one desired it anymore
it had lost most of its evil power.
Even so
we didn't want to take any chances.
So after grandpa
taught Artie how to toss it with a sacred
Tibetan power jam
it was time to say goodbye.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come here.
Yeah, huh?
Would you have passed me pen-moli?
We never knew
where rolling thunder went
or if it would ever come back.
But one thing was certain
we had learned our lesson
and next time
if it ever returned
we'd be ready.
Except maybe his long time rival
BJ Armstrong.
Dan knows BJ loves that
golden ego Christmas.
BJ knows Dan loves that delicious ego taste.
Only thing they didn't know was
how much Marty Dawson
loves him.
Hey!
The part of a good breakfast
is just too much fun to let go.
Would you do this?
Everyone knows in this world it's us versus them.
So let's see which side to have.
Alright, they've got this, this,
uh-oh, these guys, this thing, that
and we've got bubble tape.
They got this, whatever, this, uh-huh,
that stuff. Okay, this and ouch
and we've got more bubble tape.
They got this, this, hooked out that
one of those, hello, yeah, and that
and we've got lots and lots of bubble tape.
It's the way I see it. Definitely saw
six chocolate feet ahead when you think.
Bubble tape, it's six feet of gum for you, not them.
Tonight, Nick Snicks with your hosts, Pete and Pete.
Hi, I'm Pete and this is my brother, Pete.
And you're officially one hour into
Snick. Do you know where your parents are?
Wherever they are,
leave them there.
Because Nick Snicks ever onward
with those lovable lower mammals
Ren and Stimpy in an all-new episode.
We always know where our mom is because
of the metal plate in her head.
Uh-oh, gotta go, mom alert.
Snick.
Kind of nonsense, are you up to now?
Doobie!
Are you playing with your belly button again?
Yeah, Ren, it's fun, listen.
You'd better quit that.
What if someone should see you?
Don't be silly, Ren.
Hey, check this out.
Get out!
Look, man, I'm warning you.
I just saw this kind of thing in the 60s.
You could go insane.
Or worse!
Uh-huh-huh.
That's so...
What do you think you're doing?
Didn't I tell you not to play with your
dead-blasted belly button?
And didn't I say you'd go insane if you can't...
Huh?
This is my last warning.
You're playing with fire and you're going to get burned!
Pimp him inside.
Oh, no!
Wait you!
If you climb inside...
Mystery.
Li-Lock lady.
We'll go down in history.
Bye!
Rubberman bouncing down the mushroom gravy highway.
Climb inside.
T-Faggaranda has a pepperoni pocket comb.
Fight bag drift with lasagna.
Meatloaf monkey drives a movie.
Motor home.
Person.
Wow! I am truly dilapidated to make your acquaintance.
Oh.
Believe me, the honor is all yours.
Thanks.
Oh.
Hmm.
You seem to be about a 42 fat...
Dog!
My very own lint mini-skirt.
There you play-close, Stippy!
You and me are going to have lots of fun!
By the way, do you know how to unplug a toilet?
Stimpy!
How about some breakfast?
I could really go for some of your famous steamed lard.
Stimpy?
Stimpy!
Oh!
I warned you!
Why?
Why didn't he listen?
My dearest friend!
He reduced to a fleshy knob!
Stimpy!
Be a good boy!
And after you finish mowing the lint,
could you wash the lint?
And iron the lint?
And maybe pick lint from the lint?
And oh, don't forget to wash the lint!
Lint!
Right away, Your Majesty, sir!
Before I eat!
A toast to you, my house boy!
My man Friday!
You came into the emptiness that was your belly button!
And you filled it with the love and the joy
and the thing!
And as we all know,
an elf without a lull!
And the joy and the thing is no elf at all!
And so, a toast to you!
Stimpy!
And this lovely meal of...
Lintlof!
Hey!
What's cooking, dead beats?
Sorry I'm late!
Tough show today!
Everyone say hi to my new wife!
Binby!
And if anyone...
Kind of cranky, Jerry.
Maybe you're cranky because you missed your dinner.
If you want, I could throw that lintlof in the microwave!
Jerry!
You look...
Different!
Stimpy!
Why are you embarrassing me in front of our friends this way?
Come on now, get out of there and help serve drinks!
I'm sorry, Ren.
This is all my fault.
That's okay, pal.
If the giant crazy pork chop doesn't kill us,
I'll kill you!
Thanks, buddy.
Bam!
Well, I guess that's it.
Where's that clam dip?
Nice going, fish.
Next time, bring it up for everyone!
Smooth move, dope!
Come on, Bonnie, let's blow this pop stand.
Right behind you.
I'll be out warming up the car, babe.
And Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
There are only two things to do on Saturday nights.
You can chew your own lint.
Or you can...
Snick!
So don't miss next week's Snick Pick,
the premiere of all that,
Nickelodeon's wild new comedy show
with special guest TLC next Saturday.
Snick.
Bonnie and I were mixing up some quick
when magically we're in the spaceship
of the terrible Chocolatron.
He's taking nurse chocolate.
Oh.
Quickal changes program.
Big chocolatey quick.
Nestle quick.
It's magic in the making.
When it comes to great tasting,
they go waffles.
Nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long time rival,
BJ Armstrong.
Dan knows BJ loves that gold in ego Christmas.
BJ knows Dan loves that delicious ego taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Hey!
They go my ego.
Ego waffles.
The part of a good breakfast
that's just too much fun to let go.
Looking for this?
I am totally bored.
Okay, somebody get the fruits.
She's got the apple jacks.
Yes!
What are you dweebs doing?
They're beeswax.
We love it.
It's called apple jacks, you know.
Really?
And it doesn't taste like apple.
That isn't why we like it anyway.
Really? Then why?
None of your beeswax.
Yeah!
Calix apple jack cereal is part of this
Okay, class, pop quiz.
Question number one, you want to buy a video game system?
Super NES gives you four free games. Sega gives you no free games.
Which do you choose?
Number two, Farmer Brown is four.
Chickens the Tray for a video game system.
Super NES gives him four free games.
Sega, no free games. Which should Farmer Brown choose?
Number three.
Buy any Super NES system and for 350 postage,
we'll send you Super Mario All-Stars.
That's four games free.
Now who would miss an offer like that?
Could you repeat the question?
Who's responsible for this?
I picked them myself.
Nick's going to tell who draws Ren and Stimpy.
It's about 50 artists that put it all together.
They draw faces.
This is Ren normal and this is Ren screaming.
Paint backgrounds.
I paint backgrounds.
Draw practically anything.
I get to do vomit.
Tell you know who's responsible for Ren and Stimpy.
People can relate to him.
They see a lot of themselves.
I picked draw!
Extra, Extra!
The one and only Muppet Joe is now
on the only network for you.
Critics are raving about Kermit.
He's never been better.
Celebrities are wiggy about Miss Piggy.
I love pigs and pigs.
Swedish chefs everywhere are speechless.
It's very, very big dish.
It's the one and only Muppet Joe
and it's only on Nickelodeon.
I can sum it up in one word.
Indescribable!
Don't miss the Muppet Joe
on my own neck.
And now,
back to the glow of the Ren and Stimpy show.
Stimpy.
We've been crawling through this
desert for months.
Wish I'll surely
perish.
Oh my, can you
want like this?
Pulling yourself through the desert?
I'll drag you.
I can never stop!
What done?
Hey Ren,
do you see what I see?
You tell me
what you see.
Well,
I see
it looks like
a road.
What else?
Oh yeah, right.
That's what I see.
A road.
Hey Ren,
look.
An RV is coming our way.
Do you mind
telling me exactly what an RV is?
Why Ren?
There are homes away from home.
The good life on wheels.
Just
smooth sailing.
It's the American dream
come true.
Hmm.
Hey Stimpy, I know how to get us on that
extreme machine.
Okay, here's the plan.
You lie down on the road
and pretend you were hit by a car.
Nope.
Now try to look squished.
That's it.
Now Twitch should think you're still alive.
And I'll stand here
where it's safe.
Convincing twitching Ren.
A dog.
That's three this week.
Oh, look, honey.
They're still alive.
Ah, shoot.
Guess we'll have to bring them in.
Careful, honey.
You're true to get out of the messy one.
There you go.
I just loved watching Twitch.
You guys look haggard.
Turn around.
Let's get a look at you.
Lordy.
Would you look at that sunburn?
Tsk tsk.
Well, you're in luck.
Here's an old folk remedy that'll fix you right up.
Blood sucking
sand snails.
And you look like you could
use a nice
refreshing shower.
Hey, what kind of kakamemi
shower is this? It's got no knobs.
Don't worry.
I'll turn on the water.
Now that sounds refreshing.
I think I'll join you.
Well, how would you boys
like a tour of your new home?
Over here we have
a complete kitchenette and breakfast nook.
A country-style
half-bap and topiary garden.
An on-premises butcher shop.
A deli counter.
A complete beauty parlor
and nail salon.
And no RV is really
complete without a
archery range.
Wow.
Look at the time.
I'm Starve who wants lunch.
Food!
Yes, Suri Bob.
There's nothing like a good old motor
home cook meal.
What's cooking, ma?
Well, first
we have hot and buttered beef
and
meat on the cob.
Wow.
A fresh-tossed giblet salad.
Boil, boil.
And for dessert,
a beautiful head cheese parfait.
Through much, ma.
Through.
Here you go, boys
and gorge.
Wait, honey.
Our little friends are still too
sunstroke to eat solid foods.
What they need is
a tall, frosty
glass of
skunk milk.
There you go.
Nice, Marcy.
Here you go, boys.
Drink up.
Ran, why haven't you touched
your skunk milk?
It's so nice and stinky.
I'm not going to drink it
because I don't like it.
How do you know you don't like it?
No.
They can keep the stinky old milk.
Ran.
For shame.
These kind people have brought us
into their motor home.
And this is how you thank them?
Oh, well.
You do what you want to.
After all, it was your idea
to come on to the RV.
I'll drink the stupid milk
if you'll just shut up.
Boop.
Good boy.
Well, all done.
You know, after din-din,
it's time for all pets to go outside.
Walkies, walkies.
I think they really want to go out.
Atta boy.
Everybody's asleep
except me.
Wait.
If everyone's asleep,
then who's driving the RV?
Hey.
Hey, what's with all the whining?
Honey,
I think the animals need to go out
and do their business.
How'd you go?
We don't want anyone
wetting the bed now, do we?
The jokes are on them.
I already wet the bed.
Pete and Peter coming right back
One more for you tonight.
A brand new Are You Afraid of the Dark.
Then next Saturday,
get ready to snick with Clarissa
when she shows you Nick's
wild new comedy show called All That.
And more.
So make sure you're here to snick with Clarissa
next week.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
There's no need to fear.
Underdog is here.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
Why?
This is the only place we want to be.
On Nickelodeon.
The only network for you.
Always a comfort.
You set my spirit.
That's the horror part.
Snick means Saturday night.
And that means...
The weekend's half over.
The weekend's half left.
Half over.
Half left.
When it comes to great taste in Ego Waffles,
nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long time rival,
BJ Armstrong.
Dan knows BJ loves that
gold in Ego Christmas.
BJ knows Dan loves that delicious Ego taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Hey!
It's Ego my Ego!
Ego Waffles.
The part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun to let go.
Looking for this?
Tonight,
Nick Snicks with your hosts, Pete and Pete.
Are you afraid of the dark?
Don't be such a wuss.
In the dark,
the demons of the night come
to feast upon your bones.
Hit me with your best shot,
boogie man.
Be afraid, Snick viewers.
Be very afraid.
Because are you afraid of the dark is next
on Snick?
Lights out.
I'm going to cut right to it.
I want to go out with you next Friday.
Do you want to go out with me?
Do I have anything to say about this?
Sure. You could say, uh, what time?
I'm not getting in the middle of this.
What are you doing?
Gary's my servant for a week.
Down boy.
Why?
I need a deal. Don't ask.
I found a poem he wrote.
Tucker?
I promised not to show it to anybody
if he'd be my servant for a week.
Enough, you little spud.
One more word and the deal's off.
No sweat.
Hurry up and tell your story.
I've got some dirty
socks that you've got to wash.
I've got a special story tonight.
There's an old saying.
What goes around
comes around.
In my story,
a kid finds out that no matter what you do,
good or bad,
it always
comes back at you.
It's great if you do something nice,
but if you do something wrong,
watch out.
It's coming back
and probably,
when you least expect it,
submit it for the approval
of the Midnight Society.
I call this story
The Tale of the Grims and Clown.
Mike was a pretty average kid
It was the day before his mother's birthday
and he managed to save $70
to buy her a gift.
Come on, we've got to get to the store before it closes.
Go yourself, I'm watching something.
Sam, it's mom's birthday tomorrow.
We have to get her a present together.
Let's go.
Go where?
Um, skating.
Skating just for a little while.
Yeah, wouldn't want to get too chilly.
Skating, would we?
Keep your eye on your brother
and be home at six.
Okay.
Skates.
I guess we'll need these, won't we?
Skating.
Sorry, I'm here. I'll be at the door.
Have a nice day.
Bye.
What a bunch of crud.
Don't find anything here.
Sam, I'm going to the toy store.
I'm supposed to watch you.
No sweat. Watch me leave.
Sam, we've got to get mom's presents.
I'm out of here. Forget it.
It's too late and up. I'm only going next door.
We'll just go next door, all right?
Don't leave till I come get you.
Yes, ma'am.
100 bucks.
All right. Um, yeah.
Um, I'm looking for a birthday gift for my mom.
I see.
Well, my friend, how much are you willing to spend?
Um, 70, $70.
Let me see now.
Oh, yeah.
How about this little prize?
It's perfect.
Sam, what do you think?
Sam?
It's okay.
I'll take it. How much is it?
For you.
$50.
All right.
Is there a problem?
Um, well, my money's gone.
Well, I must have left it at home.
I'm sure I bought it.
I see.
Maybe another time.
Sam, have you seen my money?
Sam, where did you get this?
The twister.
With what money?
My birthday money.
You spent that on a bike?
I had some left over.
No, you didn't. You spent it all.
You stole my money.
Let's consider it a loan.
Sam, that money was for mom's birthday gift.
It was all I had.
Oh, well, too late now.
No, it's not. We're getting it back.
People just returned something?
Oh, well, I guess you've missed your chance.
No, I didn't.
Come on.
Can I pay you tomorrow? I swear, please.
It's my mom's birthday.
Sorry. Come back when you got the money.
Does this mean we can go home now?
Do you know what happens to bad kids?
I mean really bad kids like you.
No, why don't you tell me?
I don't know.
Whenever you get snotty with somebody,
whenever you hurt someone,
whenever you're selfish or insult somebody...
Yeah, yeah, I better not pout, I better not shout,
because Santa Claus is coming to town.
Sam, whenever you're bad, and that means when you steal,
Crimson Clown is watching you.
Ooh.
Watch out, Sam, or it'll get you.
Ooh, I'm scared.
Don't believe me. You'll see.
Now we're late, and I'm just gonna be tipped.
Well, who cares?
You should, because of you. We don't have a gift for her.
Just put some cash in a car. She'll be happy.
You stole my cash, remember?
Why don't you ask your pal to Crimson Clown?
Come on, let's go.
Tell mom we'll be right down.
Yeah, whatever.
Where have you been?
Look at the time!
Where's Michael?
Um, upstairs.
I told you to be back at six.
I'm sorry, Mom.
I wanted to come home,
but Mike said he wanted to see his friends,
and he didn't care how late we'd be.
Oh, is that right?
Well, we'll just see about that.
Michael, get down here right now.
You know what? Why are you so late?
And what's this I hear about you're not caring
what time you get home,
especially when you have your little brother to look after?
I mean, how many times do I have to tell you this?
You have to do your homework, you have to have a bath,
we haven't even had dinner.
I've been telling you this kind of thing since you were five years old!
Now, listen, I have to be able to count on you.
You're the man of the house.
Look at me, young man, when I talk to you.
Now, I want you to get up in your room,
and I don't want to hear one word out of you
until dinner's on the table. Is that clear?
Yeah?
supper will be ready soon. Wash up.
Okay.
Are you okay?
Sure, Mom.
Just mad at Mike for getting you so upset.
Don't worry about it. Let's go.
Very funny. Dinner's ready.
Don't make Mom any mader than she already is.
Afraid of the dark? Stay in the glow of the couch,
and stay tuned.
There are only two things to do on Saturday nights.
You can chew your own lint,
or you can...
Snick.
So don't miss next week's Snick Pick,
the premiere of all that
Nickelodeon's wild new comedy show
with special guest TLC next Saturday.
Snick.
Gentlemen,
the toughest thing a manager has to do is trade a player.
Uh-oh.
Trade?
He's got a way past performance against future potential.
And always think of the good of the team.
Kirby, you're an incredible player,
but one of you has to go.
Ski up.
Official Major League Baseball Cards
from Don Russ, Fleer, Scor, and Upper Deck
make all your favorite players come alive.
There you went, Phil.
Hey, Kirby.
Didn't I pass you on the way in?
When it comes to great taste in Eggo Waffles,
nobody likes them more than Dan Marley,
except maybe his long-time rival, B.J. Armstrong.
Dan knows B.J. loves that gold in Eggo Christmas.
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious Eggo taste,
only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Eggo Waffles,
the part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun
in Eggo.
Looking for this?
Now, the sneaking begins again,
with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Mike.
All right.
Can I watch TV?
Sure, honey.
And it came out.
What are you staring at, turd face?
All right, Sam, it's time for bed.
Can I stay up a little bit longer?
Yeah, Mom.
He could watch a really scary horror movie.
Sam would love that.
That's okay.
Wimp.
I'm not, you overgrown dirtbag.
Whoa, keep it up, and that crimson clown will get you.
Cut it out with this stupid clown stuff.
I know what you're doing, and I'm not scared.
What's wrong with him?
I don't know.
We're at the stoo...
Ice rink.
And he was being a pain,
so I told him if he keeps on being bad,
a crimson clown will get him.
Mike.
I didn't even think he was listening.
He never listens to anybody.
I just gave him a break, sweetie.
He's still little.
Yeah, a little jerk.
You're the jerk, Mike.
You geek.
Now what?
Nothing!
I had to sleep, or Mom will kill you.
What do you care?
Hey, Sam.
That's the stuff I said about the clown.
It isn't true, you know.
I was just mad at you.
Yeah, whatever.
It was a dream.
I opened it out?
From me.
And Sam.
Beautiful.
Thank you both.
Sam got what he asked for.
Happy birthday, Mom.
Another chance.
Every kid deserves another chance.
And the crimson clown gave him his.
With a little help from Mike.
That is a great story.
Yeah.
What did you think, Tucker?
I'll do my own socks.
Yes.
What are you doing?
You might need it.
I doubt it.
So, uh, we going out or what?
Well, like Gary said, what goes around comes around.
It's a real hot offer.
But I just think you need to cool off.
Can I walk you home?
Sure.
Tonight, opposites attract as very, very Nick at night
brings together four unlikely couples
in very, very unlikely couples.
Four classic episodes of the Mary Tyler Moore show
that prove that love is often blind.
Stay tuned for very, very unlikely couples.
Next only on Nick at Night.
Sick.